*This file is automatically generated via ./cmd/gendoc*

## Complement-Crypto Configuration
Complement-Crypto is configured exclusively through the use of environment variables. These variables are described below. Additional environment variables can be used, and are outlined at https://github.com/matrix-org/complement/blob/main/ENVIRONMENT.md 
Complement-Crypto always runs in dirty mode (homeservers exist for the entire duration of the test suite) for performance reasons.

#### `COMPLEMENT_CRYPTO_RPC_BINARY`
The absolute path to the pre-built rpc binary file. This binary is generated via `go build -tags=jssdk,rust ./cmd/rpc`. This binary is used when running multiprocess tests. If this environment variable is not supplied, tests which try to use multiprocess clients will be skipped, making this environment variable optional.  
- Type: `string`
- Default: ""

#### `COMPLEMENT_CRYPTO_TCPDUMP`
If 1, automatically attempts to run `tcpdump` when the containers are running. Stops dumping when tests complete. This will probably require you to run `go test` with `sudo -E`. The `.pcap` file is written to `tests/test.pcap`.  
- Type: `bool`
- Default: 0

#### `COMPLEMENT_CRYPTO_TEST_CLIENT_MATRIX`
The client test matrix to run. Every test is run for each given permutation. The default matrix tests all JS/Rust permutations _ignoring federation_. 
```
 Valid values are:
 - `j`: Run a JS SDK client on hs1.
 - `r`: Run a Rust SDK FFI client on hs1.
 - `J`: Run a JS SDK client on hs2.
 - `R`: Run a Rust SDK FFI client on hs2.
 ```
 For example, for a simple "Alice and Bob" test:
 ```
 - `rj,rr`: Run the test twice. Run 1: Alice=rust, Bob=JS. Run 2: Alice=rust, Bob=rust. All on HS1.
 - `jJ`: Run the test once. Run 1: Alice=JS on HS1, Bob=JS on HS2. Tests federation.
 ```
 If the matrix only consists of one letter (e.g all j's) then rust-specific tests will not run and vice versa.
 
 
- Type: `[][]ClientType`
- Default: jj,jr,rj,rr
